Cleaned up getting-started docs, added more docs for Querier. (#1541)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/components/query.md

In short, it gathers the data needed to evaluate the query from underlying [StoreAPIs](../../pkg/store/storepb/rpc.proto), evaluates the query and returns the result.

Querier is fully stateless and horizontally scalable.

Example command to run Querier:

```bash
$ thanos query \
    --http-address     "0.0.0.0:9090" \
    --store            "<store-api>:<grpc-port>" \
    --store            "<store-api2>:<grpc-port>"
```
## Querier use cases, why do I need this component?

Thanos Querier essentially allows to aggregate and optionally deduplicate multiple metrics backends under single Prometheus Query endpoint. 

### Global View
 
Since for Querier "a backend" is anything that implements gRPC StoreAPI we can aggregate data from any number of the different storages like:

* Prometheus (see [Sidecar](sidecar.md))
* Object Storage (see [Store Gateway](store.md))
* Global alerting/recording rules evaluations (see [Ruler](rule.md))
* Handled metrics from the remote write streams (see [Thanos Receiver](../proposals/201812_thanos-remote-receive.md))
* Another Querier (you can stack Queriers on top of each other)
* Non-Prometheus systems!
    * e.g [OpenTSDB](../integrations.md#opentsdb)

> Thanks to that, you can run queries (manually, from Grafana or Alert rule) that aggregate metrics from mix of those sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to that, you can run queries (manually, from Grafana or via Alerting rule) that aggregate metrics from mix of those sources.
```

Some examples:

* `sum(cpu_used{cluster=~"cluster-(eu1|eu2|eu3|us1|us2|us3)", job="service1"})` that will give you sum of CPU used inside all listed clusters for service `service1`. This will work
even if those clusters runs multiple Prometheus servers each. Querier will know which data sources to query.

* In single cluster you shard Prometheus functionally or have different Prometheus instances for different tenants. You can spin up Querier to have access to both within single Query evaluation.

### Run-time deduplication of HA groups

> Prometheus is stateful and does not allow to replicate its database. This means that increasing high availability by just running multiple replicas of Prometheus is not very easy to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus is stateful and does not allow replicating its database. This means that increasing high availability by running multiple Prometheus replicas is not very easy to use.
```
